---
layout: post
title: I miss you
date: 2026-07-18T15:47:00.000+03:00
---
Ivan, you see what's happening. you've restricted my access to your social media. I understand why, and you don't even need to explain it to me. but you were the one who wanted us to distance ourselves from all of this for a while. It was your idea, to stop living a life of constant checking, suspicion, and attempts to understand each other through subscriptions and stories. and now it turns out you're destroying what you wanted to build by trying to monitor what I do, who follows me, and what's going on in my life. If we've decided to take this step, then we need to find the strength to see it through. why are you acting differently now, when you were writing completely different things just recently? I still think about you. I was preparing a long text that I wanted to send you this evening. not because I felt obligated because I genuinely wanted to share what was going on inside me. But you rebelled first. the fact that I deleted you and hid certain things wasn't because I had something to hide. on the contrary. I did this so as not to tempt you to return to what we both wanted to escape. I wanted to help us both, not push you away. during this time, I've rethought a lot. I'm starting to notice my mistakes, learning to be calmer, more patient, and not react to every emotion the way I used to. I'm changing not because I want to prove something to you, but because I understand if we're ever together again, I want to come to you as a different person more mature, able to love not only with feelings but also with actions



I haven't stopped loving you. and, honestly, I miss you very much. every day but I don't want our love to turn into endlessly testing each other through social media u yourself wrote that you didn't know how much effort to put into your texts, asked if I read them, said that you were hurt. believe me, I read them. and that's why it's so important to me that we start trusting not algorithms and subscriptions, but words and what's truly between us



If we still believe we have a chance, then let's not ruin it ourselves. let's at least try to be consistent in what we've decided. cause I still see meaning in us. and I still hope that one day we'll look back on this period as the hardest, but one that helped us become better for each other



I love you
