---
layout: post
title: pain
date: 2026-07-21T14:41:00.000-06:00
---
I hope you will be honest and transparent enough with me if you're meeting people or reconnecting with people you were previously interested in, I just don't want to live thinking that these messages are a way to prevail the last piece of hope and that we're really doing what we were supposed to be doing. And you're correct, there's no need to explain why the blocking and distancing happened, but this same thing makes me worry that I might be again waiting for something that is only progressing in my mind, I think is easier to see in actions than in a curated text what really happens. And I am moved by the sentiment of the texts around the movie, but I hope that these are not fleeting sentiments, because I live daily with these feelings, it's so hard for me to constantly switch between feeling numb and feeling extremely sad about us, and miss what we had. It may be easier for you for a number of reasons, you keep touch with more people and generally speaking you receive more attention from people, and it is not to say that I want this, but I never exaggerated that you were my only daily chat, I don't talk with people as often and I can't pretend that some of these days I don't feel a void in the shape of you that hurts and lingers so much because the silence becomes too oppressive and fills the entire day with thoughts about you, specially when everything that surrounds me connects me with you somehow.



I'm not only battling with the betrayal but also with not having you around anymore, I wish to not wake up one day and realize that you got over me, that you found again something or someone that would push me away indefinitely. Ever since the movie feelings got brought up again and I am hurting over the things we missed and we're missing, I have the hope that this will be for the better and truly you work for a future together. Don't break my heart again, I beg you.



I still naively check my phone for notifications from you hoping your name might pop up. It hurts so much to use my phone because it's full of you, photos of you, backgrounds of you, notes made for you, you're so engrained in me. It hurts to be another playlist in your profile. 



Life is so hard without you, I'm trusting your every word Militta.



---



Today I wake up constantly confused about the way I feel, I wish you were with me, I can't help but question myself in everything I do lately. Just some random thoughts slip into my mind while I do anything, "I thought we were inseparable". Days run longer than usual, and I can't keep out of my mind where you might be and worry and wish that you haven't forgotten about us.



Life is really tasteless without you.



If you give up on this, please let me know because if you entertain something or someone else while I grief here thinking we're putting up the work, I can't handle it.
